listen so anytime 87 11 now 87 north
productions there's a new movie coming
out i'm gonna be there when it opens
luckily universal was kind enough to
send us a link our way and because
we like the movie i shouldn't be
receiving one of these
that's copyright infringement this time
around we follow hutch mansell who's a
nobody
known as nobody but not by everybody it
is until somebody breaks into his house
and he ends up leaving a trail of dead
bodies
it's kind of like falling down meets
john wick which makes sense since they
got the guy who did the wick trilogy to
pen the script
it's directed by the dude who did
hardcore henry and his stars bob
i might have uh over corrected now
considering universal's new
17-day window for their movies to go
from theaters to digital release
i'd say it's worth the rent if they're
able to roll it out at a decent price
because
if you're an action movie fan i'd say
this delivers on the brutality
let me explain so odin quick plays your
average joe who's living a mundane life
until a breaking happens that unleashes
the inner action star inside of him
and it was crazy to hear that bob
actually trained for two whole years
before filming since he wanted to do the
stunts himself
i was actually surprised by how all in
he went that makes sense when you
consider what inspired the story
i had a couple break-ins in my house and
it left me with a feeling
of a lot of thoughts about violence
about guns about frustration about
protecting your family
lingering feelings that you're left with
and uh i thought it'd be some kind of uh
spark to make an action movie and a bit
of a
fantasy role playing uh because in real
life
you know you should do what i did which
is
keep the damage and the violence to a
minimum and get the heck out of the way
that idea of how you would react to that
scenario becomes a big part of the movie
and it's inspired by the aftermath that
he went through in real life and the
ripple effect they had on his family
pretty much becoming that force measure
moment but the truth is you know
afterwards you're left with a feeling of
i wonder what i could have done if i had
to and i
kind of wish i'd had to i wish they'd
have picked my place you know
his wife is played by connie nielsen
who's been on a great run this past year
from fighting sea monsters to
intergalactic demons and now
suburbia it's been a hell of a day you
can see that
you can see it as an introspective on
his manhood you know him going through
the drivel of his day-to-day life
them as a couple they're not as intimate
as they used to be his wife makes more
than he does
he went from his wm to working for her
family's wm
and there's such a big divide between
them i'm not just talking about the my
pillow that they have in between their
bed
yeah how's that working out for you
according to the director he also sees
it as a story of addiction
you know obviously hutch is a good man
but it shows how an old habit sparks
something inside of him that he's eager
to unleash
and it's something you see even in his
ex-fbi father played by christopher
lloyd who
i'm not gonna lie at first when i saw
him i thought it was theo hector but
instead of the ring ring ring this man
win
the director himself also swapped out
the villains in the script to be russian
since he himself is russian
he felt more comfortable making all the
jokes that he did there you know he's
got the
extra references to black russians which
seems to be the go-to joke right now
with all these studios
he even snuck in some pentagon jokes in
there but it's still that same story of
a russian mob
seeking vengeance for their family
member there is clearly a hierarchy and
lore to this world from the barber to
hutch's previous jobs which instills
fear
in anyone who searches up his history
but in the end it really all just comes
down to the
ilya had told his agent i would like to
make
i'm gonna try to quote him right i would
like to make an action movie
with uh an actor who does drama who used
to be a comedian
and and so i guess i was tailor-made for
his
uh dream easily the three biggest set
pieces that stand out for the movie
are the house invasion scene the
warehouse fight and of course the one
you see in the trailer
the busy
personally i really like the fact that
he was always getting beat up i like
that they didn't stray away from the
possibility of one of the dudes trying
to get a cheap shot into his back while
he's busy fighting the other four dudes
and that was what he did
get punched and hit my head on like a
bar
or something and i'm really glad because
it's
so pathetic right it's like
you never see jason statham do that you
never see jason bourne hit his [ __ ]
head
you never see uh liam neeson
do that and you know what bob kept that
energy and we stayed on him as long as
we could till we actually had to cut
because of an impact
and that's a huge compliment to him you
just don't see that so much
anymore part of it is that relatively
new style of very cutty
bass yeah like uh paul greengrass
style which uh started with the bourne
films and
certainly the taken films do do it for
other reasons
the rizza also comes in blazing and if
you know him he's a big film in martial
arts buff who's done a bit of directing
himself but
it's always dope to see him in action
and he had some of the best action bits
in this one
like there's a part where he unscrews a
silencer into someone's mouth
shoots another dude behind him and uses
the recoil of the gun to butt another
dude in the face
it is beautiful the soundtrack was also
mixed perfectly for the action pieces
especially the pat benatar bit the story
is sometimes slower than the slow motion
that you see on screen but
i think it's so entertaining to the
point that because i had the link i
watched it again while working out
and my little lme biceps were getting
pumped so it definitely delivers as your
popcorn action flick
i do think it would be fun to see bob do
the comedic action movie that he really
wants to dive into because
knowing the man is a writer going back
to his snl days i think he would have
much better dialogue within the movie
for the characters
because so far i'd say the weakest part
is that some of them aren't as fleshed
out as they could be
but you know you even look at john wick
1 to john wick 2 and how much
that was able to expand so you never
know overall i don't think it overstays
its welcome and i wouldn't mind seeing a
sequel personally considering you even
have that mid-credit sequence
who knows he may even team up with a
certain
somebody who the [ __ ] nobody
that [ __ ] nobody
is john wick thank you guys for checking
out this video i'm curious to know your
thoughts down below in the comment
section
uh i didn't know that you could track
somebody through their metro card which
i guess kind of makes sense and you know
until they get the crypto cards out
there but
i'm very curious to see what this
production company is going to be doing
next they have a couple of movies on
their sleigh
i'm specifically eyeing that netflix one
called kate with mary elizabeth winstead
i hope they go a lot with that one i
know that they were helping out on
some burns of prey stuff so if mary
elizabeth winston takes that and is even
more brutal in this movie
oh i'm up for it i am curious to see how
they're able to expand this story i know
that it's doing
pretty well kind of depending on how you
look at theaters right now um
but you know i think it's a fun little
movie i don't think it's anything too
big it's exactly that popcorn flick that
you need it to be
delivers on its action uh and i'm
curious to see if they're able to make
something bigger with it because they
they definitely have
just like a surface that they scratch
that could be much bigger but
we'll see other than that universal this
is all epk footage
probably doesn't matter so until this
video gets blocked thank you all for
watching and until next time don't
forget to comment like and subscribe
and i'll send you a kitty cat bracelet